User story:


- user input (add,modify,delete) 
	. room dimension
 	. bed type: single, double, queen, king and number of bed 
	. number of person 
	. drawer type: 3, 4 and number of drawer  
	. closet:size (s,m,l)
	. night stand : with/without drawer 
	. office table: size(s,m,l)
	. Percentage of free space 
	. room door placement and size
	. window placement and size 
	. in-room wardrobe placement and size 
	

- user account management 
	. account create
	. account delete 
	. unlock/lock account 
	. User licenses (free version(limit)/pay version)
	. username/password management:
		. username duplication check
		. password validation
		. number of log in tries (10 times)   
	. user information save/load
	. change password 
	. bedroom name
	. reset password
	. session timer with auto-save(30min)
	. (optional) user fee 
- database management: 
	. database schema setup 
	. user information storage 
	. user information retrieval 
	. user information delete 

- calculate room space with furniture
	. Validate user input 
	.  Check user input completeness 
	.  determine if all furniture could fit: 
		. calculate furniture volume
		. calculate room volume 
		. taking account the constraint from doors, window, wardrobe door, etc.
		. iterate over furniture placement to find the best fit
	. if fit: 
		. ask user input for furniture upgrade
		. ask user input for more furniture   
	.  if not fit: 
		. ask user input for furniture resize(ex: bed size)
		. ask user input for furniture type change (ex: bed --> loft bed or bed with drawer)
		. ask user input to remove furniture 
		. ask user input to change the free space 
	. define the logic to fit all of the furniture

- show final arrangement to user : 
	. Output final result (with text)
	. Show graphically the result (with image)
	. Include free space 
	. Include distance between furniture 
	. (optional) Propose extra furniture or decoration(plant, etc.)


- get user feedback: 
	. (optional) ask for furniture placement preference (ex: bed close to window, office window facing the window, etc.) 

- (optional) regenerate room arrangement base on user preference









